And welcome back.
Now that you've signed up or signed in to your stripe account you will see that there is this walk a
message which we will ignore for now.
The main thing that we need to understand of what this dashboard shows us is the information regarding
any payments that we've processed using stripe so because we of course have not processed any payments
yet we are going to see zero for everything and we're actually not going to process any live payments
using the stripe integration.
So the bulk of this dashboard is actually pointless for the course of this lesson there does need to
be this activation that you need to do for your stripe account if you actually want to see the data
as well as process live payments.
And this is due to legal reasons that stripe needs to make sure that you are who you say you are so
they have to confirm your address certain things about your business etc. but we're not going to do
that because we're not actually processing any payments at all what we will do is actually just integrate
the stripe elements into our page but we don't necessarily have to actually go through this whole activation
process to do that.
Now if you want to you completely can now that you have your own stripe account you can go through the
documentation you can set it up right and play around with all of the wonderful settings in this platform
that stripe provides.
But we are going to ignore this for the course of this lesson well we will do however is go to this
developer section.
So if we click this developer's tab we will see this new dropdown with the API keys in it.
And that is what we want.
So inside of here we will see a publishable key as well as a secret key and what these keys do is they
tell stripe when we put them inside of our application that our application wants to access this account.
Now the secret key is hidden and you click it and it will show you.
But the secret key is going to be the live key that we use inside of a server or a server or like service
that allows us to actually make charges.
And you can only make charges using a back end server of some kind.
So because we're not doing that we are going to ignore this.
Instead what we need is this publishable key and we need this publishable key in order to access the
elements that stripe gives us including our checkout.
So let's actually bring in the appropriate libraries enterprise application.
So going back to our terminal what we need to do is we need to yarn add the library react stripe checkout
into our packages and what it gives us is this react bound version of The Checkout button that stripe
provides that opens up that component that we saw that we want and in order to use it we are going to
create a new component that leverages the underlying stripe checkout button and we'll do that inside
of our components folder.
So let's make one called stripe button and then inside of our stripe button we'll make a new file called
stripe button dot component dodgy OSX.
Now what we need is we've got to import react from react and then we need to import stripe checkout
from react stripe checkout and now that we have this we pretty much have the bulk of what we need to
import as far as library go.
Well we do have to write though is our component which will be a functional component which we'll call
the stripe checkout button which will take in a price as a property
and then before we do our return there is a caveat about the price that we got to talk about so in order
for a proper charge to be made.
Stripe wants the price in sense so because we're processing everything in USD we have something like
50 dollars represented as the price of our items.
Right.
So for example we know that the price of our items here is 18 35 90.
But what stripe wants to see is that value in sense.
So instead of 50 dollars they want 5000 cents or just the whole integer 5000.
So what we'll say is this cost price first stripe is going to be equal to price times one hundred and
then we also need our publishable key.
So here we're going to make our cost publishable key which is going to be that key that we were looking
at this one.
So just copy this over and set it into a string value for our constant next.
We're gonna do our return and inside of our return we're going to return the stripe checkout component
and this stripe checkout component takes a bunch of different possible properties that enable or disable
different features that we have access to inside of our checkout dropdown so if we go to the actual
strike react strike checkout GitHub repo we'll see that it has these properties that we can access and
a little explanation about what it does but all we want are the ones that we need to think about.
You can actually set all kinds of settings right.
You can change the currency you can change what you want to display what name what image you wanted
to point to.
You can set what component class you want it to be.
So instead of a button you can sell it to a div.
You can even set disable or enable billing address shipping address Ali pay if you want to process Chinese
payments.
Bitcoin if you want to take bitcoin payments remember me as an option.
There's just so many things that you can set but we're just going to look at the ones that are relevant
to the ones that we want.
So inside of our strike check out what we want is the label.
Pay
and then instead of the name I'm going to set it as Crown clothing so you can set it as whatever you
set the name of your application to and then I'm gonna enable billing address by putting billing address
and shipping address.
So these allow and provide those fields that request the user making the check out to fill these information
out and then for the image I actually have the address for you that I'm going to show in your resources
and then in description we're going to use a string interpolation to say your total is and then we're
going to use our price value.
And the reason we want to use our price value and not our price for stripe is because we actually want
the user to see the physical dollar value not the converted sense value that we've got to pass to our
stripe checkout which we actually will pass in as amount.
So we'll say price for striped and then we will add as well our panel label which we'll say is pay now
and then what we want to pass is the token.
So the token is the on success callback that triggers is when we submit.
So the submission is gonna get handled by this component but for us we pretty much just want on token
to be a function that takes the token and then logs it out because we aren't going to process the payment.
So with the token you would pass this to your back in.
Which then creates the charge.
Right.
But because for us we're not actually processing the payment.
We don't need this.
We're just going to alert payment successful as well as logging the tokens so we can see what it looks
like and here we're gonna pass on token
social cost and then our stripe key will be our publishable key and with that that's all we need.
A lot of settings a lot of props but that's all it is and then we're just gonna export out our actual
button.
Right our stripe checkout button as the default
and then we're going to import it into our checkout component
components striped button straight button component we'll just put out at the very end here and for
the price we're gonna pass in the total which if you remember we get from our selector and now if we
go back to our application we'll see at the bottom we have our pay now button and if we click this we
see that it renders this dropdown where we ask for an email the name the street the postcode the city.
Right.
And then it automatically detects where you live.
So I currently reside in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
But this will probably tell you where you currently live.
And then if you answer like this it asks you to either fill in billing or fill in shipping otherwise
on trigger.
What it does is it just assumes that what you're going to fill in is going to be the same billing address
as your shipping address.
Now you might see these errors here but these just have to do with the way that this component is trying
to render its own fort.
But it's not important it doesn't actually impact any of the functionality of our application.
It just has to do with how this component is currently trying to nest and bring in its own font.
So these errors are irrelevant to us
let's say we fill in with just summit address and then for the card number.
This is where we actually need to leverage stripes fake credit card number which I had listed here inside
at the end of this component.
So we're just going to place this warning message inside of our component as well and what we'll do
is that whenever the person using our application is going to pay we just got to make sure that they
see that message first.
So we'll put it in red text at the bottom here so that they fill that in but we know that it's 4 2 4
2 4 2 4 2 4 2 4 2 4 2 4 2 month in year is 0 1 20 and then see BW is 1 2 3 so 0 1 20 1 2 3 and we hit
our pay now.
We'll get our check mark.
We got our alert that says the payment was successful and we should actually log the object and this
you'll see is just the format of the token object that stripe needs in order to create a charge and
that's all this is we just take this we make a API call and throw it to our back and then our back in
code would handle the actual charge so that's how it would typically work in a real flow.
But for us we're not doing that.
This is enough to demonstrate that as a react developer you know how to integrate with stripe Now the
reason we have to use these react like tools is because react requires a specific set of bindings that
the base stripe documentation and the stripe code does not integrate well with because that's just vanilla
javascript.
So we actually leverage these stripe components that people have rapped on our behalf as a library.
And usually they're very simple wrappers that allow us to actually use them inside of our ReACT application
but it's that simple just like that.
We now have a fully integrated stripe feature.
Now let's actually throw in our warning and modify the style so that we see it in red so we'll go back
to our code and what we will do is at the bottom of our code here we are going to put a div with the
class name of test warning and we want to say with the star.
Please use the following test.
Credit card for payment
we're gonna put a brake element here so that our tux goes on the next line and we're just going to say
4 2 4 2 4 2 4 2 4 2 4 2 4 2 4 2 flash expiry
0 1 20 CV 1 2 3 so there's different numbers that you can find in the stripe docs for different cards
like you can test the MasterCard.
This I believe is visa but they're just test cards that stripe provides that they recognize in their
checkout flow that the credit card is accurate.
Otherwise the checkout photo actually throws an error.
It just tells you that the card isn't valid and what we're gonna need to do is we need to add inside
at the very bottom just after the total we'll say test warning text align center margin Top 40 pixels
font size 24 pixels and then color is red.
Now if we say
looks like we're not getting our color.
Oh forgot the ah.
That's what I was out for at the end.
Test warning
and let's just also modify the button that we have inside so that we'll do margin left auto and margin
top of 50 pixels just so that everything's spaced out a little better Erica.
Okay cool.
And sorry as I was saying before if you don't fill in this information it component doesn't let you
proceed.
So if like your email is wrong for example also tells you that this is still incorrect.
It has to follow the right format.
And if you're card that you use is not the correct one.
This will also fail so that's the great thing about this component.
Everything is pretty much built for us.
All the checks all of the validations.
It's incredible incredible service.
And now that we have this integration built in we've pretty much built the majority of the features
in our application and in the next sections we are going to start covering some more advanced topics.